chore: add helpful message if cpp install is not prepared (#2146)
jpivarski/awkward-1.0: awkward-cpp/CMakeLists.txt

message(STATUS "CMake version ${CMAKE_VERSION}")
message(STATUS "CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE = ${CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE}")

# Check for header-only libraries
if(NOT (EXISTS "header-only" AND EXISTS "include/awkward/kernels.h"))
  message(
    FATAL_ERROR
      "\

> awkward-cpp relies upon generated and copied artefacts such as the header-only libraries and generated kernel headers.\
> These could not be found, which indicates that the preparation step for building this package was skipped.\
> Please check CONTRIBUTING.md to learn more about this process.\

Reviewer: This clickable URL (some terminals make URLs clickable) takes a user to the installation instructions, which in turn links to CONTRIBUTING.md for "more details."

But also, it includes the missing line to triple-click and middle-click to copy and paste on the spot. Sometimes I run commands that I know will fail because they'll give me the line I was supposed to type first, and and if they're easy enough to select and copy-paste, then I don't even need to type them.

```suggestion
awkward-cpp relies upon generated and copied artefacts such as the header-only libraries and generated kernel headers. \
These could not be found, which indicates that\n\n\
    nox -s prepare\
\n\nwas skipped or failed. \
Please check https://github.com/scikit-hep/awkward#installation-for-developers to learn more about this process.\
```

Reviewer: I'm hoping that it gets rendered as

```
awkward-cpp relies upon generated and copied artefacts such as the header-only libraries and generated kernel headers. These could not be found, which indicates that

    nox -s prepare

was skipped or failed. Please check https://github.com/scikit-hep/awkward#installation-for-developers to learn more about this process.
```

to make the copy-pasteable line selectable with a triple-click.
